---
layout: default
title: IMPACT 2017 announced
author: Tobias Grosser
www: www.grossser.es
---

[IMPACT 2017](http://impact.gforge.inria.fr/impact2017) the 7th International
Workshop on Polyhedral Compilation will be taking place January 23 - 25, 2017
in Stockholm colocated with the [HiPEAC
conference](http://www.hipeac.net/2017/stockholm).

The following is the official call for papers:

<pre>
This is a CALL FOR PAPERS for

    IMPACT 2017

7th International Workshop on 
Polyhedral Compilation Techniques

http://impact.gforge.inria.fr/impact2017/

held in conjunction with HiPEAC 2017 (Jan 23-25, 2017)
Stockholm, Sweden.

======================================
IMPORTANT DATES:
Abstract submission:    October 21, 2016 (AoE)
Paper submission:    October 28, 2016 (AoE)
Author notification: December 02, 2016
Final version due:   December 16, 2016
Workshop date:       TBD
======================================

OVERVIEW:

Polyhedral techniques have gained attention due to the rise of
multi-core processors and other architectures that require parallelism
and more complex schedules for data locality. At the heart of the
polyhedral model is an abstraction of programs that enables powerful
analysis and scheduling of applications. Recent developments in the
polyhedral model research area includes automatic parallelization
targeting various platforms, program verification, and hardware
synthesis. IMPACT is a unique workshop aimed to bring together
researchers and practitioners interested in polyhedral techniques to
exchange ideas. This year's IMPACT will be held in conjunction with
HiPEAC as a one-day workshop including technical paper presentations,
panel discussions, and possibly a keynote.

We welcome both theoretical and experimental papers on all aspects of
polyhedral compilation and optimization. We also welcome submissions
describing preliminary results, crazy new ideas, position papers,
experience reports, and available tools, with an aim to stimulate
discussions, collaborations, and advances in the field. The following
illustrate potential IMPACT papers:

	- Discussion of a preliminary idea with an attempt to place 
	  it in context but no experimental results.

	- Experimental results comparing two or more existing ideas.

	- Presentation of an existing idea in a different way including 
	  illustrations of how the idea applies in current codes. 
	  Attribution should be done as well as possible.

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:
- program optimization (automatic parallelization, tiling, etc.)
- code generation
- data/communication management on GPUs, accelerators and
  distributed systems
- hardware/high-level synthesis
- static analysis
- program verification
- model checking
- theoretical foundations of the polyhedral model
- extensions of the polyhedral model
- scalability and robustness of polyhedral compilation techniques
- autotuning
- application case studies
- tool demonstration

SUBMISSION:

Submissions should not exceed 8 pages (recommended 6 pages), excluding
references, formatted as per ACM proceedings format. Please use the
following template when preparing your manuscript:
 http://www.acm.org/sigs/publications/proceedings-templates

Submissions should be in PDF format and printable on US Letter or A4
sized paper. Please submit through EasyChair at:
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=impact17

Proceedings will be posted online. If the final version of an accepted
paper does not sufficiently address the comments of the reviewers, then
it may be accompanied by a note from the program committee. Publication
at IMPACT will not prevent later publication in conferences or journals
of the presented work. However, simultaneous submission to IMPACT and 
other workshop, conference, or journal is often prohibited by the policy 
of other venues. For instance, a paper with significant overlap with
IMPACT submission cannot be sent to PLDI 2017 or any other overlapping
SIGPLAN event.

We will also continue the poster teasers we started last year. Authors
of the rejected papers that still plan to attend HiPEAC will have an
opportunity to present their submission in the HiPEAC poster session. We
encourage poster presentations by providing a short (3 min.) slot in the
workshop to advertise the posters. If possible, posters related to
IMPACT will be gathered at the poster session close to each other.

COMMITTEES:

Organizers and Program Chairs:

Mary Hall, University of Utah, USA 
Tobias Grosser, ETH Zurich, Switzerland 

Program Committee:

Uday Bondhugula (IISc Bangalore, India)
Cedric Bastoul (University of Strasbourg, France)
Samuel Bayliss  (Xilinx, USA)
Albert Cohen (INRIA, France)
Philippe Clauss (University of Strasbourg, France)
Alain Darte (CNRS, France)
Paul Feautrier (ENS Lyon / INRIA, France)
Armin Groesslinger (University of Passau, Germany)
Alexandra Jimborean (Uppsala University, Sweden)
Paul Kelly (Imperial College London, UK)
Andreas Kloeckner (University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA)
Martin Kong (Rice University, USA)
Sanyam Mehta (Cray Inc., USA)
J. Ramanujam (Louisiana State University, USA)
P. Sadayappan (Ohio State University, USA)
Jun Shirako (Rice University, USA)
Michelle Strout (University of Arizona, USA)
Ramakrishna Upadrasta (IIT Hyderabad, USA)
Sven Verdoolaege (Polly Labs, Belgium)
David Wonnacott (Haverford College, USA)
Tomofumi Yuki   (INRIA, France)
Hongbin Zheng (Xilinx Inc., USA)
</pre>



